h1. jQuery Fullscreen Slideshow

Simple jQuery plugin that allows you to create a fullscreen image slideshow with zoom/slide animation.

It has been forked from "jquery-backstretch":https://github.com/srobbin/jquery-backstretch, a jQuery plugin which takes care of dynamically-resizing images to fit the browser window.

h2. Demo

There is an example included with this package, or feel free to check out the "live demo":99layers.com/chico/slideshow.

h2. Options

h3. centeredX

The ratio of the width/height of the image doesn't always jive with the width/height of the window. This parameter controls whether or not we center the image on the X axis to account for the discrepancy. (type=Boolean, default=true)

h3. centeredY

This parameter controls whether or not we center the image on the Y axis to account for the aforementioned discrepancy. (type=Boolean, default=true)

h3. speed

This is the speed at which the image animation will take, after downloading is complete. Integers are accepted, as well as standard jQuery speed strings (slow, normal, fast). (type=Integer, default=1500)

h3. slideshowSpeed

This is the speed before the slideshow will transition between images. (type=Integer, default=3000)

h2. Setup

Include the jQuery library and jquery.fullscreen.slideshow plugin files in your webpage (preferably at the bottom of the page, before the closing BODY tag):

<pre><code><script type="text/javascript" src="http://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/1.6.2/jquery.min.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="jquery.fullscreen.slideshow.js"></script>
</code></pre>

Note: The example above uses the Google hosted version of jQuery; there is also a jQuery source file included with this distribution, if you would like to host it yourself.

<pre><code><script type="text/javascript">
  $.slideshow(["/path/to/image1.jpg", "/path/to/image2.jpg"]);
</script>
</code></pre>

h2. Changelog

h3. Version 1.0

* Fullscreen image slideshow with zoom/slide animation.

h2. Support

Please file a ticket on our Github issues tracker.